SpaceChem: How to Defeat the Stage 8 Boss

In the setup illustrated by the screenshots in this folder, the following 
procedure defeats the boss:

First, there are three laser types: The molecule for the red laser will be
produced when NO switch is active. The molecule for the green laser will be 
produced when switch A is active. The molecule for the blue laser will be
produced, when switches A and B are active. Switch D sends the "waldos" into
a busy loop.

Observe the status of the waldos when hitting switches. It is convenient, to
activate switch D once the waldos are on the way to producing the desired
molecule. This means that after completing it, the waldos will enter a busy
loop again, at which point you can safely deactivate any switch that isn't a D
switch. It is recommended to perform manual intervention during the battle
at the lowest speed, or even pause the simulation for that purpose.

The most important bottle neck is the bottom pipe that can only hold two 
H atoms. The simulation enters a (live)lock if this piple is clogged. The same
happens if the desired H atom is missing; well, technically, you enter a
deadlock in that situation. As it turns out, the lasers the boss
fires are deterministic. They are always fired in the same order. Thus, you can 
premeditate your actions.

The following balances of H atoms are good to keep in mind: the molecule for the
red laser consumes one H atoms more than the inputs provide. The molecule for
the green laser produces one surplus H molecule. Arguably most annoyingly, the
molecule for the blue laser produces three surplus H molecules, which means that
the simulation will lock if you don't react quickly to this constraint.

With this prelude out of the way, perform the following steps:
1) Fire the green laser to get 1 surplus H atom, which is needed for 2)
2) Fire the red laser when the red eye opens
3) Fire the green laser when the green eye opens
4) Fire the red laser to get rid of the surplus H atom in the pipe
5) Fire the blue laser when the blue eye opens; for this, make sure that the
   first reactor keeps one of the H atoms in it, and only release it once the
   output pipe can consume it
6) Fire the red laser to get rid of 1 surplus H atom
7) Fire the red laser again to get rid of another surplus H atom
8) Fire the red laser when the red eye opens; for this, release the temporarily
   stored H atom in the first reactor
9) Fire the green laser when the green eye opens

This is it. You should now have defeated the final boss of this planet. There
is no death animation, so just fast-forward the simulation to trigger the
summary screen.

